
Taro needs to find the next biosynth

Get Mangakyo outta the way

So we have to go after her

Mangakyo is in a wasteland

Eria is mangry so you aren't held behind.

Taro is not pleased with Eira because 
Eria didn't get to put him in cuck 
prison. She is also possessed.

The US isn't that great. But they
actually offered a lot of help.

A lot of this is her fault.

Clare asked for help

You're solely focused on doing right by god.

Darius berates you for being shreked by
Mangakyo. And he's being a complaining gamer
about it.

The turf she is located at is wayyy too close
to the North Primera outpost. Hulking machine 
titans exist there.

Aiko is in front constantly so it's better to
take a suburb route to avoid titans.
you find a biosyth faction (Primera) titan 
and they leave you alone after they ask you
some questions about the other factions.

So you have to navigate through a ranch

the main stage isn't really robots. Or extra
dimensional. Joshua tells you the enemy is of
the wind. A wind elemental enemy is attacking.
So you need fire to choke a . 
So Aine is weak to biosynths.
Bring her anyway. 
Take Nathan. He can punch Primera which is badass.
Mangakyo Drummer.

Get the exp for fighting her.

Her story is:
when she came to mankind ages ago. she was a child...

The biosynth that's chasing Aine and Aiko is berserk.

The US and Garado nearby were slaughtered by a 
biosynth.

Not Mangakyo

You find the big tree on the ranch. It changes color.

you get out from under it and Aine says its a rift.
if you sit under it time goes forward.

If you walk through Mangakyo's reality
you might not survive.

She's using dimensional powers
to create her ranch.

Its a wide plane of mythical
proportions. All anthro and 
dangrous. Kill the furry? no just talk
and walk past them.
It's amazing to see all of it.
Fight a midboss and talk to other races.
Walk through the next gate after the first.
This is where the other races are coming from.
So they phone in Doogle and he tells you the 
gate is at that location.
They tell you this is where the otherkin are
coming out of.

Yoko phones in her kid and tells her to go 
home.
Aiko tells Taro she's going to hate leaving.

Taro says he doesn't wanna start drama.

You see the gate on your minimap.
Doogle and you listen in on Aiko.

Let Aiko go.

And Aine gets tailed down.
You're in the backwood area.
the Ranch goes all around.
The gate is just a lounge at this point.
The aliens (otherkin) hanging around are
just talking.

Shut the gate down?

Mathias tells you that the races
are here because they wanna be.
Happy to surve the human race.
Why? its because of systemic control.
The system is against them in any way
for them to make things work for them.
They were just used.
But since isn't ruled by the human race.
They don't really do much.
The aliens and otherkin are not very aggressive.

Stay from them? You can fight them.
But the point of that is just exp.
And slowdown.

If you take Cc'ell Tesh with you on this mission
she will tell you they were slaves. 

Take Darius's advice.

Dexter will tell you how to kill one.
Burke is ok with whatever you wanna kill.

If you don't wanna die.

How do you survive or get stronger?

Leaving the suburbs is a good idea.

The biosyths are asking what is going on with
Clare killing off her own men.

There's a war there.

Mathias if you bring him.. Will jump into that.

So if you do he dies.

Don't.

Nathan and you fight against these things.
The war is intense and you get chased by the
biosynth I was talking about.

Aine tries to attack this guy and she gets hurt.

You have to jump into another dimension anyway.

You're wondering if you can bring her back. 

After Aine gets brutally hurt.

The biosynth tells you that this is what mankind
deserves and some existential bullshit about how 
he can justify murdering people. because humans are
bad.

You fight him(he escapes)

You try to beat him up you don't win. Aine is bleeding out
Clare runs over from being freed and You chase her
to stop Clare from killing Aine and you fight her again to 
stop Clare from killing herself.
Send the two back to base then Drummer appears.

Mangakyo Drummer's boss room is here where you suffer.

Not a room.

There is a glowing necklace Doogle talks about 
and he wants to talk about it more later.

(Boss Biosynth: Mangakyo Drummer)

Drummer tells you her full story now.
Drummer is when she found the biosynth suffering
from systemic oppression of mankind she quickly
fearful of mankind. She tells you you're dumb and you 
could focus on being less dumb and more of a god.
As if that'll stop her and she'll keep drumming people to 
death.

'you love me? you hate me? I don't care' *laughs*

She tells Taro that she'll kill you and take your powers
and Yoko's ..

Then Taro gets hit with a vision.
The Hikana hunted down the otherkin and the biosyths are 
just picking up what was left off.
Taro tells her that they are soo close to mankind.
Humans will use more magic just because they're soo close
so they will only become more cancerous.
If she kills them. She's just trying to justify murder
under the preventative nature of keeping mankind
from causing more oppression.

He mocks her.

Drummer mocks mankind and tells you that she would rather
'you all rot and fade out of existence' and that 'you
will always be stifled by the same race.
their own race.
You feel dread.

The gift of darkness awakens dark Taro.
circles appear in tatoo form all around Taro's
body and he goes beserk. 
The biosynth miniboss
attacks again and you fight him and Mangakyo..

You rip ass on drummer and the other guy
avenging Aine and Clare.

When the human race counter attacks after the fight
Mangakyo tells you 

"Even if I die... 
I'll have all the power in the world I'll ever amass.
When the human race is wiped off the face of Gaia
by power of Ragnarok.. We will finally achive what the 
chronicans saught out to achive."

All in the name of religion.

Rahim appears and tells you 
the Garado stopped because
they were vying for resources.
when we found out about the chronicans
we knew that our race wasn't pure.
chronicans were good at first but the 
other races saught to destroy them.
chronicans had strict culture 
keeping them from breeding with anything else
when they worshipped other gods 
their god wiped them down.
Time took it's toll on them and 
they stood through the trials and tribulations.

(god? Autumn caused their demise. Rahim doesn't tell
you this.)

'If you want to be a Chronican Taro.
you need to keep fighting. 
It's not like you have a choice.'
he offers his pamphlet.

You throw his pamphlet in the trash and you say 
"I don't care about joining the Garado.
I don't care about that. No. I don't wanna hear it.
This turn or burn bs isn't here. 
I'd rather believe in God on my own terms
so I'd be free from your endless slaughter.
I get it.
Pushing all the 'these people are like this' bs 
on me where on the other side they'll say
'its no longer relevant' bs. 
I heard it from both sides.
FUCK OFF.
I'm going to contol my future not
a past that isn't real anymore.
I have more than enough power now.
I don't need you.
You're not needed anymore."

He respects that and re offers
and you dissagree.
but you have to conquer another faction in order to win two at
at time but you have to swap all you creds reset your affitnity
and your party members are going to cut you off.
Terrible idea.
But its midgame respec.

So yeah. Some benefits but not much.

You need to leave. 

The game continues after Ragnarok anyway but it's not worth
the respec.

Get through the main arcs of the game
finish Ragnarok and have that be the last.
It's final chapter stuff.

You go back to base and you tell Eria 
Mangakyo's story.

She grew up for YEARS generations. and she became a 
biosynth. Witnessed generations of abuse and 
faught to her last..

You are told whats going on.
Eria is pissed about you not getting her what she wanted.
Also pissed about you getting everyone hurt.
This is their fault. according to Dogman
'You were told to train these people.' 
'You're not strong enough.'
'Can you do yourself a favor and be strong
enough for these people'
All Dogman saying that to Eria and putting her 
in her place. 

The same goes for Taro. 
He notices that Taro is stronger.
and commends him
Eria talks about her shrine.
'This organization does not operate ...'

They tell you about Aiko and Aine.
Aiko was pulled back by her mom.
Aine. is in the infimery.
You get Mark Twained to death by Doogle.
and your darkness hits with trauma.

Its the Dark Elf.

You killed a few biosyths.

You are at a peak.

you get hours per day to do whatever you
want each day (12hrs) from now on...

If you wanna do something its 12 each day.
These are Taro days.

Go fight the Dark Elf. He's a pos.
He's battling you. You're battling him.
He's raided your base.

(Bossfight: Dark Elf Raider)

You play niddhogg with the Dark Elf over a stairway.
He tells you he'll come back to kill you
and you tell him jesus loves him too.

You run over to Eria and she is concerned.
You get a flashback and this magical town is 
is ancient Chronica. You meet Zerosypher and he 
tells you you're a noob. You ask Zuna if you can show
her your memories using her technology.
You get a psionic link with her and you 
travel into the world of Den-K and 
its surreal inhabittants.

(I'm not assuming we even pick up on Den-K after this.)

(Basically, the people of that world are hackers and merchants
vying for survival on the digital plane. Not an MMO at all. 
purely cybernetic reality with a real world currency system.
Hackers united and they wanted pure control. Zerosypher is in
this dream memory. Zuna asks you how you do anything. So you get some
hacking gameplay. Not a console screen puzzle mode. You have to 
use certain applications and and a guess to call a probability on 
how to hack your opponent. Re-key and repeat till the fight is over.
This is easier than CodeAnEx and is more like a minigame rpg battle.
After that you learn about Fisco's agonizing journey and you quickly
realize that this whole thing sucks and you need to help him 
recover. You don't and get pulled out.)